Update Core 3.0.0-beta.1 - Closes #748 (#762)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/configuration.adoc

Configurations will be loaded in the following order listed below.
Each configuration will override the previous one:

> . Default configuration values of modules and components. See xref:{url_sdk_framework}[Lisk Framework].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Default configuration values of modules and components can be found here in xref:{url_sdk_framework}[Lisk Framework].
```

Author: Here I would prefer to leave it as it is :)
